Clusters category in GraphQL Cookbook/initial examples (#2329)
buildkite/docs: pages/apis/graphql/graphql_cookbook.md

}
```

## Clusters

A collection of common tasks with clusters using the GraphQL API.

### List cluster IDs

> Get the fist 10 clusters and their information for a particular organization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the first 10 clusters and their information for a particular organization:
```

> Get the first 10 clusters and their information for a particular organization:

Reviewer 2: Style: Just reducing the use of "particular" through this section because I don't think it's necessary here.

```suggestion
Get the first 10 clusters and their information for an organization:
```

Author: TIA @mbelton-buildkite - amended 👍

```graphql
query getClusters {
  organization(slug: "organization-slug") {
    clusters(first: 10){
      edges{
        node{
          id
          uuid
          color
          description
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### List cluster queue IDs

> Get the fist 10 cluster queues for a particular cluster by specifying its UUID in `cluster-uuid`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the first 10 cluster queues for a particular cluster by specifying its UUID in `cluster-uuid`:
```

Author: I love typos ⌨️

```graphql
query getClusterQueues {
  organization(slug: "organization-slug") {
    cluster(id: "cluster-uuid") {
      queues(first: 10) {
        edges {
          node {
            id
            uuid
            key
            description
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### List jobs in a particular cluster queue

To get jobs for a particular cluster queue, use the `clusterQueue` filter, passing in the ID of the cluster queue to filter jobs from:

```graphql
query getClusterQueueJobs {
  organization(slug: "organization-slug") {
    jobs(first: 10, clusterQueue: "cluster-queue-id") {
      edges {
        node {
          ... on JobTypeCommand {
            id
            state
            label
            url
            build {
              number
            }
            pipeline {
              name
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> To obtain jobs for a particular cluster queue in a particular state, use the `clusterQueue` filter, passing in the ID of the cluster queue to filter jobs from, and the `state` list filter by one or more [JobStates](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/graphql/schemas/enum/jobstates):

Reviewer 2: Style: Again just removing a usage of "particular" to keep it where I think it's more needed.

```suggestion
To obtain jobs for a cluster queue in a particular state, use the `clusterQueue` filter, passing in the ID of the cluster queue to filter jobs from, and the `state` list filter by one or more [JobStates](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/graphql/schemas/enum/jobstates):
```

Author: TIA @mbelton-buildkite - amended 👍
